RHDEVDOCS-3593: Create a getting started section for odo (#49026)
openshift/openshift-docs: cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/odo-getting-started.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id='odo-getting-started']
= Getting started with `{odo-title}`
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: odo-getting-started

toc::[]

> Learn how to use odo to create a "Hello World" application, based on one of the following frameworks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to use odo to create a "Hello World" application based on one of the following frameworks:
```

* Node.js
* .NET
* Java (Spring Boot)
* Go

== Prerequisites

* You have the xref:installing-odo.adoc#installing-odo[odo binary] installed.
* You have access to an {product-title} cluster.

== Generating sample code

> This tutorial uses a sample project for each framework, but you can choose other examples from the list provided by the `odo registry` command. Alternatively, you can use an exisiting project or you can run `odo init` and select a starter project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses a sample project for each framework, but you can choose other examples from the list provided by the `odo registry` command. Alternatively, you can use an existing project or run `odo init` and select a starter project.
```

Author: Done

include::modules/odo-getting-started-code-nodejs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/odo-getting-started-code-dot-net.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/odo-getting-started-code-java.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/odo-getting-started-code-go.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/odo-getting-started-cluster-login-openshift.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/odo-getting-started-create-project.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

== Initializing your application (odo init)

> Initialize your application by creating a `devfile.yaml` that will be deployed. `odo` handles this automatically with the `odo init` command by autodetecting your source code and downloading the appropriate Devfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize your application by creating a `devfile.yaml`. When you run the `odo init` command, `odo` autodetects your source code, downloads the appropriate devfile, and deploys the application.
```

Reviewer: - "will be deployed" - Avoid using the future tense and passive voice. Use the present tense and active voice instead.
